com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemCompanyIntroBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemCompanyIntroBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityAuthInviteBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityAuthInviteBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityChangePasswordBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityChangePasswordBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityVinSearchBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityVinSearchBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityEpcPartDetailBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityEpcPartDetailBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemUnaddContactsListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemUnaddContactsListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityAddPartBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityAddPartBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityAlliancesCompanyBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityAlliancesCompanyBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/FragmentMessageBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.FragmentMessageBinding
com/android/ctgapp/util/FileProvider.java
 com.android.ctgapp.util.FileProvider
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemCitySelectDialogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemCitySelectDialogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemAllSoftPopupBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemAllSoftPopupBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemPhoneNumSelectDialogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemPhoneNumSelectDialogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityAddBusinessFriendBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityAddBusinessFriendBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityShareAppBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityShareAppBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/CommonConfrimBtnBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.CommonConfrimBtnBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemExpandablelistBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemExpandablelistBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityCheckstandBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityCheckstandBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/SkHotGoodsBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.SkHotGoodsBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemRvTipLoadingBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemRvTipLoadingBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityTrolleyBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityTrolleyBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemCompanyRangBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemCompanyRangBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemQueryRecordListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemQueryRecordListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivitySwicthCompanyBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivitySwicthCompanyBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemBranderSelectListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemBranderSelectListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/LayaoutItemContactsBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.LayaoutItemContactsBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemEnquireOrderConfirmItemListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemEnquireOrderConfirmItemListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityCreateCompanyBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityCreateCompanyBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemAddClientListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemAddClientListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityEnquireWhaitDetailBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityEnquireWhaitDetailBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/CommonConfirmLayoutBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.CommonConfirmLayoutBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemRechargeHistoryChildListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemRechargeHistoryChildListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemAttrHorizontalListWrapBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemAttrHorizontalListWrapBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/SkVisitorCardBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.SkVisitorCardBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/SkHotGoodsv2Binding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.SkHotGoodsv2Binding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemBusinessFriendAddDialogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemBusinessFriendAddDialogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityJoinAllianceBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityJoinAllianceBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemVinHistoryListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemVinHistoryListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityApplyNotifyBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityApplyNotifyBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityShouXinCompanyctivityBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityShouXinCompanyctivityBinding
com/android/ctgapp/entity/chart/ChartListDao_Impl.java
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.chart.ChartListDao_Impl
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.chart.ChartListDao_Impl$1
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.chart.ChartListDao_Impl$2
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.chart.ChartListDao_Impl$3
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityCurrentChartBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityCurrentChartBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemCustomToastLayoutBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemCustomToastLayoutBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityWhiteBarDealDetailBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityWhiteBarDealDetailBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemAddressListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemAddressListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityAddressListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityAddressListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemAllianceUnAddedListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemAllianceUnAddedListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemInvoicInfoDialogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemInvoicInfoDialogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemChartTextBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemChartTextBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemGoodsMenuListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemGoodsMenuListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemQueryRightPartListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemQueryRightPartListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityGoodsDetailBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityGoodsDetailBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemCompanyBalanceDetailListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemCompanyBalanceDetailListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemTeamSizeSelectPopupwindowBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemTeamSizeSelectPopupwindowBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityQueryRecordDetailBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityQueryRecordDetailBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemWhiteBarListv2Binding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemWhiteBarListv2Binding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemSelectPartWidgetBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemSelectPartWidgetBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityEnquireWishDetailBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityEnquireWishDetailBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemEnquireHasQueryChildBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemEnquireHasQueryChildBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemEpcMeunListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemEpcMeunListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityForgetPasswordBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityForgetPasswordBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemPrerpaymentChildListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemPrerpaymentChildListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemDashedWithNotchVerticalBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemDashedWithNotchVerticalBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemPurchaseListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemPurchaseListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemChartImageBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemChartImageBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityEnquiryCommonSelectBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityEnquiryCommonSelectBinding
com/android/ctgapp/util/SmileyParser.java
 com.android.ctgapp.util.SmileyParser
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemLabelsListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemLabelsListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityGuidePageBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityGuidePageBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityJoinCompanyByCodeBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityJoinCompanyByCodeBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityLacunchAfterSaleBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityLacunchAfterSaleBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemSuccessDialogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemSuccessDialogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemEnquireQueryWishDetailParentBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemEnquireQueryWishDetailParentBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityOrderConfirmSingleBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityOrderConfirmSingleBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemBathAddPartChileListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemBathAddPartChileListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemBranderSelectPopupOldBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemBranderSelectPopupOldBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/LayouatWhiteBarBottomViewBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.LayouatWhiteBarBottomViewBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemBatchAddPartListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemBatchAddPartListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemOrderConfirmItemListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemOrderConfirmItemListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemChartFaceListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemChartFaceListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemDepartmentVerticleListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemDepartmentVerticleListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivitySelectPositionBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivitySelectPositionBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/FragmentDealBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.FragmentDealBinding
com/android/ctgapp/util/chart/SoftKeyBoardListener.java
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.SoftKeyBoardListener
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.SoftKeyBoardListener$1
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.SoftKeyBoardListener$OnSoftKeyBoardChangeListener
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ChatInputBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ChatInputBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemCarConfigSelectBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemCarConfigSelectBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityVisitorBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityVisitorBinding
com/android/ctgapp/receiver/JPushReceiver.java
 com.android.ctgapp.receiver.JPushReceiver
com/android/ctgapp/util/chart/videocompressor/OutputSurface.java
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.videocompressor.OutputSurface
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivitySystemNoticeDialogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivitySystemNoticeDialogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/FragmentDealOrderLayoutBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.FragmentDealOrderLayoutBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemOrderConfirmListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemOrderConfirmListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityAfterSaleBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityAfterSaleBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityApplyNotificationBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityApplyNotificationBinding
com/android/ctgapp/entity/home/PurchaseEntity.java
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.home.PurchaseEntity
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/EmptyLayoutBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.EmptyLayoutBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemWhiteBarDetailChildListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemWhiteBarDetailChildListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityBatchAddPartSelectMoreBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityBatchAddPartSelectMoreBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemQueryRecordParentListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemQueryRecordParentListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityManagementTeamBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityManagementTeamBinding
com/android/ctgapp/util/pay/PayResult.java
 com.android.ctgapp.util.pay.PayResult
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityPartShopBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityPartShopBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemGoodsAddTrolleyDialogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemGoodsAddTrolleyDialogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemEnquireHasQueryParentBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemEnquireHasQueryParentBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemHomeBottomMenuListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemHomeBottomMenuListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityBalanceTopUpBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityBalanceTopUpBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemOrderCanChartistBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemOrderCanChartistBinding
com/android/ctgapp/util/chart/videocompressor/Track.java
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.videocompressor.Track
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityEnquiryBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityEnquiryBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityReturnGoodsDetailBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityReturnGoodsDetailBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/KeyPreviewLayoutBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.KeyPreviewLayoutBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemTeamDepartmentMenuListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemTeamDepartmentMenuListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemImageListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemImageListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemOrderListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemOrderListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityAddressEditBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityAddressEditBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemOrderDetailListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemOrderDetailListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityOrderConfirmBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityOrderConfirmBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityTakePhtotBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityTakePhtotBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemWhiteBarListv2ChildBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemWhiteBarListv2ChildBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemEnquiryQueryComoanyListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemEnquiryQueryComoanyListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityAddClientBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityAddClientBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemOnlyTextBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemOnlyTextBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemSendGoodsDialogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemSendGoodsDialogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityCheckFlowBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityCheckFlowBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemEpcSelectedListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemEpcSelectedListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemChartGoodsBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemChartGoodsBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ViewCommonHorizontalLayoutBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ViewCommonHorizontalLayoutBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityJumpToGzhDialogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityJumpToGzhDialogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemVisitorListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemVisitorListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemProgressViewBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemProgressViewBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityAddSelectGroupBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityAddSelectGroupBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityOrderDetailBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityOrderDetailBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemBatchAddPartDialogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemBatchAddPartDialogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemCompanyManagerShareListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemCompanyManagerShareListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityVulnerablePartShopBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityVulnerablePartShopBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemEqnuirySelectListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemEqnuirySelectListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityWhiteBarV2Binding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityWhiteBarV2Binding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemDialogLoadingBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemDialogLoadingBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemShopVerticalMenuListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemShopVerticalMenuListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityMyTeamBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityMyTeamBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityPayresultV2Binding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityPayresultV2Binding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivitySystemNoticeBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivitySystemNoticeBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemChartOrderListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemChartOrderListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemEnquireQueryWishParentBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemEnquireQueryWishParentBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemLaunchAfterSaleListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemLaunchAfterSaleListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityAddMemberBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityAddMemberBinding
com/android/ctgapp/entity/CompanySelectEntity.java
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.CompanySelectEntity
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ViewCommonHorizontalMarginBottomLayoutBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ViewCommonHorizontalMarginBottomLayoutBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityCarConfigDetailBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityCarConfigDetailBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/FragmentQueryLogLayoutBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.FragmentQueryLogLayoutBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemTeamApplyNotifyListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemTeamApplyNotifyListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivitySettingBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivitySettingBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemChartVoiceBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemChartVoiceBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityCardShareRecentChartBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityCardShareRecentChartBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemShopHorizontalMenuListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemShopHorizontalMenuListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/util/ContactUtil.java
 com.android.ctgapp.util.ContactUtil
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityPayResultBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityPayResultBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemAllCouponListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemAllCouponListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityPrepaymentBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityPrepaymentBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemWhiteBarDetailListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemWhiteBarDetailListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/util/chart/videocompressor/MP4Builder.java
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.videocompressor.MP4Builder
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.videocompressor.MP4Builder$1
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.videocompressor.MP4Builder$InterleaveChunkMdat
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemEpcPartSelectDialogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemEpcPartSelectDialogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityCurrentGroupChartBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityCurrentGroupChartBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityCouponsBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityCouponsBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemChartListListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemChartListListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemXlcdjDialogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemXlcdjDialogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemChartVedioBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemChartVedioBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityRechargeMoneyHistoryBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityRechargeMoneyHistoryBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemAfterSaleListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemAfterSaleListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/widget/CarKeyboardView.java
 com.android.ctgapp.widget.CarKeyboardView
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemCitySelectListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemCitySelectListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityAllianceUnJoinBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityAllianceUnJoinBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityPrepaymentChildBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityPrepaymentChildBinding
com/android/ctgapp/service/JpushService.java
 com.android.ctgapp.service.JpushService
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityRechargeCommitBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityRechargeCommitBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityFriendCompanyBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityFriendCompanyBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemAttrHorizontalListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemAttrHorizontalListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemReturnDetailShowListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemReturnDetailShowListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemDashedWithNotchHorizontalBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemDashedWithNotchHorizontalBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityMyCompanyBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityMyCompanyBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityEpcDetailBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityEpcDetailBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemHorizontalGroupListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemHorizontalGroupListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemClientListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemClientListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityClientManagerSetBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityClientManagerSetBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemImageDialogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemImageDialogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/MyDatepickerDialogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.MyDatepickerDialogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemAllianceAddedListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemAllianceAddedListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/entity/chart/UserDao_Impl.java
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.chart.UserDao_Impl
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.chart.UserDao_Impl$1
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.chart.UserDao_Impl$2
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityEnquireOrderConfirmBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityEnquireOrderConfirmBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemDingDingTeamParentBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemDingDingTeamParentBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemWhiteBarListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemWhiteBarListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemLinkManEditAddDialogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemLinkManEditAddDialogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemDepartmentHorizontalListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemDepartmentHorizontalListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemHorizontalTwoTextListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemHorizontalTwoTextListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/sql/AppDatabase_Impl.java
 com.android.ctgapp.sql.AppDatabase_Impl
 com.android.ctgapp.sql.AppDatabase_Impl$1
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivitySearchGoodsBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivitySearchGoodsBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityAllianceDetailBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityAllianceDetailBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemJoinCompanyListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemJoinCompanyListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemImageVideoBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemImageVideoBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityWxentryBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityWxentryBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemDetialLineChartBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemDetialLineChartBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityBatchAddPartBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityBatchAddPartBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/FragmentWorkBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.FragmentWorkBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityWxpayEntryBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityWxpayEntryBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityPhoneContactBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityPhoneContactBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemRechargeHistoryParentListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemRechargeHistoryParentListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/util/chart/videocompressor/VideoController.java
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.videocompressor.VideoController
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.videocompressor.VideoController$1
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.videocompressor.VideoController$CompressProgressListener
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.videocompressor.VideoController$VideoConvertRunnable
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.videocompressor.VideoController$VideoConvertRunnable$1
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemHotGoodsListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemHotGoodsListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityInviteUserToTeamBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityInviteUserToTeamBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityWhiteBarDetailChildBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityWhiteBarDetailChildBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemChildCouponListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemChildCouponListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityComoanyInfoSettingBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityComoanyInfoSettingBinding
com/android/ctgapp/entity/BrandEntity.java
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.BrandEntity
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.BrandEntity$DataBean
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemMyTeamListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemMyTeamListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemCustomGroupSelectListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemCustomGroupSelectListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityCompanyContactSelectBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityCompanyContactSelectBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityGoodsBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityGoodsBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityUserAgreementBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityUserAgreementBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/DialogSystemNoticeBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.DialogSystemNoticeBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemAllianceChildCompanyListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemAllianceChildCompanyListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityQueryRecordBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityQueryRecordBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityPersonInfoBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityPersonInfoBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemTitleBarBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemTitleBarBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemCarInfoSelectDalogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemCarInfoSelectDalogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemExpandablelistTitleBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemExpandablelistTitleBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityIousBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityIousBinding
com/android/ctgapp/util/chart/videocompressor/InputSurface.java
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.videocompressor.InputSurface
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityChartOrderBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityChartOrderBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityCreateCompanyAfterRegisterBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityCreateCompanyAfterRegisterBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemExternalContactListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemExternalContactListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemExternalContactsBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemExternalContactsBinding
com/android/ctgapp/util/chart/videocompressor/Mp4Movie.java
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.videocompressor.Mp4Movie
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityMyAllianceBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityMyAllianceBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityWhiteBarDetailBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityWhiteBarDetailBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemAddBfSelectGroupBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemAddBfSelectGroupBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityCreateAllianceBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityCreateAllianceBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityCreditExtensionBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityCreditExtensionBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityPersonalAuthenticationBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityPersonalAuthenticationBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityAddressBookBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityAddressBookBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityManagementTeamMenuBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityManagementTeamMenuBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemChartCardBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemChartCardBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemAddPartListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemAddPartListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemRvTipBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemRvTipBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/LayoutUpdateDialogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.LayoutUpdateDialogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/activity/mine/friend/PhoneContactViewModel.java
 com.android.ctgapp.activity.mine.friend.PhoneContactViewModel
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemBusinessFriendListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemBusinessFriendListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityBalanceSelectBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityBalanceSelectBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemExitAllientTipBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemExitAllientTipBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemQueryRecordChildListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemQueryRecordChildListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityCustomGroupSettingBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityCustomGroupSettingBinding
com/android/ctgapp/callback/MyItemTouchHelperCallback.java
 com.android.ctgapp.callback.MyItemTouchHelperCallback
 com.android.ctgapp.callback.MyItemTouchHelperCallback$ItemTouchHelperAdapter
 com.android.ctgapp.callback.MyItemTouchHelperCallback$ItemTouchHelperViewHolder
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemBusinessFriendEditDialog2Binding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemBusinessFriendEditDialog2Binding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemShouxinBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemShouxinBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityEpcactivityBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityEpcactivityBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityVinSearchHishoryBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityVinSearchHishoryBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemCarSeriesDialogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemCarSeriesDialogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemAttrDrawerListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemAttrDrawerListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemDingDingTemChildBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemDingDingTemChildBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemChartShareListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemChartShareListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemDepartmentAddDialogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemDepartmentAddDialogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityOtherDetailBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityOtherDetailBinding
com/android/ctgapp/adapter/home/BannerImageAdapter.java
 com.android.ctgapp.adapter.home.BannerImageAdapter
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemPrerpaymentListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemPrerpaymentListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemEpcDetailListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemEpcDetailListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemCustomGroupListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemCustomGroupListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemGoodsSortListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemGoodsSortListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemMoneyPackageRechargeListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemMoneyPackageRechargeListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/util/GlideImageLoader.java
 com.android.ctgapp.util.GlideImageLoader
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityBusinessFriendBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityBusinessFriendBinding
com/android/ctgapp/util/chart/videocompressor/Sample.java
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.videocompressor.Sample
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemReturnReasonBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemReturnReasonBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemCheckFlowListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemCheckFlowListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityClientManagementBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityClientManagementBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemOrderCanChartBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemOrderCanChartBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/SkVisitorListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.SkVisitorListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/adapter/mine/FriendGroupAdapter.java
 com.android.ctgapp.adapter.mine.FriendGroupAdapter
com/android/ctgapp/util/chart/videocompressor/VideoCompress.java
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.videocompressor.VideoCompress
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.videocompressor.VideoCompress$CompressListener
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.videocompressor.VideoCompress$VideoCompressTask
com/android/ctgapp/entity/home/ResultListInfo.java
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.home.ResultListInfo
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityQueryRecordV2Binding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityQueryRecordV2Binding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemCarSeriesListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemCarSeriesListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/entity/FactoryEntity.java
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.FactoryEntity
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.FactoryEntity$DataBean
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemBatchAddPartMoreListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemBatchAddPartMoreListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemAccountInfoBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemAccountInfoBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemBusinessFriendSelectListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemBusinessFriendSelectListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/FragmentChartTeamBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.FragmentChartTeamBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemEpcListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemEpcListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemTrolleyListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemTrolleyListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemChartOrderDetailListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemChartOrderDetailListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemReturnDetailImageListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemReturnDetailImageListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/util/PlatformUtil.java
 com.android.ctgapp.util.PlatformUtil
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityCommonPaySuccessBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityCommonPaySuccessBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemCompanySwitchListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemCompanySwitchListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/LayoutVideoShowBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.LayoutVideoShowBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityChartOrderDetailBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityChartOrderDetailBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityEnquireWishListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityEnquireWishListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemWhiteBarDetailAdapterBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemWhiteBarDetailAdapterBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityCardShareBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityCardShareBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityCompanyIntroBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityCompanyIntroBinding
com/android/ctgapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.android.ctgapp.BuildConfig
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemChartOrderBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemChartOrderBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemTrolleyItemListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemTrolleyItemListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityWhiteBarReturnBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityWhiteBarReturnBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemPhoneNumSelectListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemPhoneNumSelectListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemSystemNotifyListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemSystemNotifyListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityCompanyBalanceBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityCompanyBalanceBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityDepartmentSelectBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityDepartmentSelectBinding
com/android/ctgapp/entity/chart/CurrentChartDao_Impl.java
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.chart.CurrentChartDao_Impl
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.chart.CurrentChartDao_Impl$1
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.chart.CurrentChartDao_Impl$2
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.chart.CurrentChartDao_Impl$3
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.chart.CurrentChartDao_Impl$4
 com.android.ctgapp.entity.chart.CurrentChartDao_Impl$5
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityMyMoneyPackgeBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityMyMoneyPackgeBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/TopNotifycationViewBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.TopNotifycationViewBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/FragmentMineBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.FragmentMineBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityCouponBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityCouponBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemDeleteEditPopupWindowBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemDeleteEditPopupWindowBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemCompanyInfoChangeBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemCompanyInfoChangeBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemGoodsListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemGoodsListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemMoneyPackageCompanyListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemMoneyPackageCompanyListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemCheckFlowChildListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemCheckFlowChildListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityAboutAppBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityAboutAppBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivitySplashPageBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivitySplashPageBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/FragmentChartFriendBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.FragmentChartFriendBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemCouponListBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemCouponListBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemBusinessFriendEditDialogBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemBusinessFriendEditDialogBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityMoneyPackageRechargeBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityMoneyPackageRechargeBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemButtonSelectmBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemButtonSelectmBinding
com/android/ctgapp/util/chart/videocompressor/TextureRenderer.java
 com.android.ctgapp.util.chart.videocompressor.TextureRenderer
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/DialogCardSharedToWhereBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.DialogCardSharedToWhereBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ItemBranderSelectPopupBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ItemBranderSelectPopupBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityCompanyAttestationBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityCompanyAttestationBinding
com/android/ctgapp/databinding/ActivityJoinCompanyBinding.java
 com.android.ctgapp.databinding.ActivityJoinCompanyBinding
